README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

fix: 🐛 thirdweb provider fix and code refactor

README.md, after:

## Getting Started

This example demonstrates how to use thirdweb Auth with NextJS.

To run the project, first clone this repository, and then run one of the following commands to install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

Next, you need to create a `.env.local` file and set the `THIRDWEB_AUTH_PRIVATE_KEY` variable to the admin private key you want to use for Auth, as well as the `NEXT_PUBLIC_THIRDWEB_AUTH_DOMAIN` variable to the domain you want to use for Auth. Your `.env.local` file should look like the following:

```.env.local
THIRDWEB_AUTH_PRIVATE_KEY=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_THIRDWEB_AUTH_DOMAIN=example.com
```

Finally, you can run the project with one of the following commands:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Now, you can navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to visit the client side page where you can connect a wallet, sign-in with ethereum and view the payload, and use the payload to authenticate with the backend.

## Learn More

To learn more about thirdweb, take a look at the following resources:

- [thirdweb Auth Documentation](https://docs.thirdweb.com/auth) - learn about thirdweb Auth.
- [thirdweb React Documentation](https://docs.thirdweb.com/react) - learn about our React SDK.
- [thirdweb Portal](https://docs.thirdweb.com) - check our guides and development resources.

You can check out [the thirdweb GitHub organization](https://github.com/thirdweb-dev) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Join our Discord!

For any questions, suggestions, join our discord at [https://discord.gg/thirdweb](https://discord.gg/thirdweb).
